Add documentation on encrypted communication (#2497)
GMLC-TDC/HELICS: docs/user-guide/advanced_topics/encrypted_communication.md

# Encrypted Communication

Some applications may exchange data between federates that requires encryption in order to ensure its confidentiality.
This could be of particular concern when the federates are communicating over the public internet between different

> institutions, and restrictions on a data set or simulator don't allow sending it over to all be run within a private

Reviewer: ```suggestion
institutions, and restrictions on a data set or simulator prohibit the co-simulation from being executed within a private
```

network at a single institution.

The HELICS TCP and TCPSS cores support encryption using the OpenSSL library. By default peer verification is used
which requires both the HELICS broker and federates using encrypted communication to be set up with their own certificate
and private key, which also allows the encrypted communication feature to act as a form of authentication between a broker
and the federates connecting to it.

This guide will provide information on building a copy of HELICS with encryption support, and show how to run a simulation
with encrypted communication. It will not go into best practices for generating and distributing certificates or private
keys. It is your responsibility to ensure that private keys and certificates are managed in a way that does not compromise
the security of the encrypted communication. A good starting point for learning more about this topic is reading up on

> Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) and SSL/TLS fundamentals.

Reviewer: Is there a link we can add here?

Author: There are a lot of resources that are mostly focused on how SSL applies to websites, or that are very technical; there are a few okay-ish ones that I can add links to.

you are using the encryption features securely is your own responsibility):

```cmake
if(HELICS_ENABLE_ENCRYPTION)
    configure_file(
        "test_files/encryption_config/openssl.json.in" "test_files/encryption_config/openssl.json"
    )
    configure_file(
        "test_files/encryption_config/multiBroker_encrypted_bridge.json.in"
        "test_files/encryption_config/multiBroker_encrypted_bridge.json"
    )
endif()
```

And the corresponding input `openssl.json.in` file looks like:

```json
{
  "encrypted": true,
  "verify_file": "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/test_files/encryption_config/openssl_certs/ca.pem",
  "certificate_chain_file": "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/test_files/encryption_config/openssl_certs/server.pem",
  "private_key_file": "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/test_files/encryption_config/openssl_certs/server.pem",
  "tmp_dh_file": "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/test_files/encryption_config/openssl_certs/dh4096.pem",
  "password": "test"
}
```

Another big point of CAUTION: do NOT use the example/test SSL certificates or private key files provided in the HELICS

> repository! By doing so, you might as well not be using any encryption at all.

Reviewer: Should add a note about why they are there then.  Obviously for testing purposes but we should add a note to that effect.

Author: I added a line to this saying they are for testing only.

Author: Maybe it would be good to just stick a warning as the first line of this page saying that if improperly configured, communication will not be secure, and in that same place caution against using any example/test certificate and private key files they find online/in the HELICS repository for real world use cases.
